Now let’s take a look at the
different layers we have here.
First, we have the top text
and the top text rasterized.
What is the difference between them?
The top text is an actual text layer.
However, when these get imported into the template
editor, their font and style might be reset.
We’re also being provided with an image layer of
the text to see how the text is supposed to look.
Then we can edit the text layer accordingly.
The image layer is the bold text we can see here,
but we can also see the very thin text layer.
So we’re going to fix that in a later step.
Then we also have this red
top text safe zone layer.
When creating these dynamic
templates, the designer always
needs to consider the dynamic elements of
the template, in our case, the city name.
City names can, of course, be shorter
or longer than our “New York” example.
By establishing safe zones,
the designer can tell us that the text
should always be contained in this box.
Smartly.io will automatically reduce the font
size should the text get any longer to make
sure it doesn’t spill out of the safe zone.
The same idea applies to the bottom text.
We have the text layer itself, the
rasterized image, and the safe zone.
Then we have our shoe, but we
have two versions: One that glows…
...and one that doesn’t.
Then we have a couple of sliders, meaning layers
that are supposed have a sliding animation.
One in black, one in grey, and one in white.
Those different versions are needed for
the different versions of this template:
Dark, cold and rainy.
The same goes for our logo; we
have it in white, grey, and black.
And finally, we have a black background
and a white one, whichever is needed.